she might be safe from the
bombardment but can't escape the grief
and pain that has engulfed Gaza Iman
says it's the sense of guilt that is
hitting her hardest her father mother
brother and a nurse killed on October
9th while at home she last spoke to them
at 400 p.m. on that
day my father kept on telling me we're
old people and why would they hit us the
Israelis know we're old so why would
they target us I agree now I'm thinking
why didn't I stay longer on the phone
with them the last words I told my
mother were that I have to prepare
dinner and I would call her back I
wished I'd stayed longer on the call the
next morning a man received a much
dreaded news the entire neighborhood of
elel had been flattened in the blink of
an eye the family house went from this
to this all those inside buried under
the rubble Iman managed to get the
pictures of the bodies we won't show
them to you because they're absolutely
gruesome covered in rubble her mother
missing her Limbs and part of her head
and then the body of her father was
retrieved 3 days later and was starting
to
decompose it's a fear shared by the
workers from Gaza who found themselves
stranded in Israel when the war broke
out they came to the occupied West bang
for their safety this man who doesn't
want to be recognized says he hasn't
heard from his wife or his four children
in four
days I can't explain the feeling I don't
know anything my wife my children my
parents I don't know if they're alive or
dead if I were there I could have made
them feel safer my children need me I'm
their father and I should be protecting
them my body might be here but my mind
is in Gaza Ramy also doesn't know about
his family he was on a medical visit in
occupied East Jerusalem and says the
Israeli police expelled him to ramala he
has been trying to reach his wife for a
week without
success they don't have a phone anymore
I was told they went to seek shelter in
a un school but I haven't spoken to them
in a week I can't stop thinking about
them I feel guilty I am here if the
crossing opens I am not going to wait a
minute here I don't care about my
treatment even if it took 6 months to
get a medical permit I just want to see
my children Ramy fears they could be
among those who were killed as they
heeded Israel's evacuation order to go
south of this trip or among those who
were killed when a un school was hit he
simply doesn't know these are just a few
stories of war and distress common to so
many trying to survive as Gaza crumbles
in front of their eyes H ABD Hamed Al
jaaz ramalan